Include stalled network storage device info in compactor runbooks. (#9297)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/manage/mimir-runbooks/_index.md

        ./tools/markblocks/markblocks -backend gcs -gcs.bucket-name <bucket> -mark no-compact -tenant <tenant-id> -details "Result block exceeds symbol table maximum size" <block-1> <block-2>...
        ```
    - Further reading: [Compaction algorithm]({{< relref "../../references/architecture/components/compactor#compaction-algorithm" >}}).
  - Compactor network disk unresponsive:

>     - **How to detect**: A telltale clue is many cores of sustained kernel-mode CPU usage by the compactor process. Check the metric `rate(container_cpu_system_seconds_total{pod="<pod>"}[$__rate_interval])` for the affected pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **How to detect**: A telltale sign is having many cores of sustained kernel-mode CPU usage by the compactor process. Check the metric `rate(container_cpu_system_seconds_total{pod="<pod>"}[$__rate_interval])` for the affected pod.
```

>     - **What it means**: The compactor process has frozen because it is blocked on kernel-mode flushes to an unresponsive network block storage device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **What it means**: The compactor process has frozen because it's blocked on kernel-mode flushes to an unresponsive network block storage device.
```

>     - **How to mitigate**: Unknown. This typically self-resolves after 10-20 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **How to mitigate**: Unknown. This typically self-resolves after ten to twenty minutes.
```
